# FxHoldLockResponseContent


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**audit_id** | **number** | The audit ID which is generated by Nium as a unique number for internal purposes. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**source_currency** | **string** | The 3-letter [ISO-4217 source currency code](/docs/currency-and-country-codes) for the source amount. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**destination_currency** | **string** | The 3-letter [ISO-4217 destination currency code](/docs/currency-and-country-codes) for the destination amount. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**fx_rate** | **string** | The base exchange rate provided by Nium, before any markup is applied.   The legacy API returns the net exchange rate. To derive the base rate, combine this value with &#x60;markup_rate&#x60;. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**markup_rate** | **string** | The markup rate charged by Nium. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**ecb_fx_rate** | **string** | The ECB exchange rate. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**hold_expiry_at** | **string** | The timestamp until the exchange rate will be valid.  In other words, the timestamp at which the exchange rate held by Nium shall expire. In the &#x60;yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ&#x60; format. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**fx_hold_id** | **string** | The foreign exchange hold ID. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**status** | **string** | The status of the given audit ID | [optional] [default to undefined]
**additionalFxMarkup** | **string** | The Additional Fx Markup of the given audit ID | [optional] [default to undefined]

## Example

```typescript
import { FxHoldLockResponseContent } from 'nium-client';

const instance: FxHoldLockResponseContent = {
    audit_id,
    source_currency,
    destination_currency,
    fx_rate,
    markup_rate,
    ecb_fx_rate,
    hold_expiry_at,
    fx_hold_id,
    status,
    additionalFxMarkup,
};
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
